routes
info NODE1
info NODE2
routes
info NODE2
info NODE1
info NODE2
loadgen loadgen/load-equal.txt
routes
loadgen loadgen/load-0heavy.txt
info NODE2
routes
info NODE2
info NODE1
info NODE3
loadstop
exit
loadgen loadgen/load-0heavy.txt
info NODE3
routes
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE3
status NDE1
loadgen loadgen/load-equal.txt
routes
loadgen loadgen/load-0heavy.txt
routes
loadgen loadgen/load-equal.txt
info NODE1
routes
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE3
routes
loadgen loadgen/load-0heavy.txt
routes
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE3
routes
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE3
info NODE1
routes
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE3
routes
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE3
loadgen loadgen/load-0heavy.txt
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE3
routes
info NODE3
info NODE2
info NODE1
info NODE2
exit
info NODE1
info NODE2
routes
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE3
loadgen loadgen/load-0heavy.txt
info NODE3
routes
loadgen loadgen/load-0heavy.txt
routes
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE3
loadgen loadgen/load-0heavy.txt
routes
info NODE3
info NODE2
info NODE1
routes
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE3
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE3
routes
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE3
loadgen loadgen/load-equal.txt
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE3
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE3
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE3
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE3
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE3
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE3
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE3
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE3
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE3
loadgen loadgen/load-equal.txt
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE3
loadgen loadgen/load-equal.txt
:q
loadgen loadgen/load-equal.txt
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE3
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE3
info NODE2
loadgen loadgen/load-equal.txt
info NODE1
loadgen loadgen/load-equal.txt
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE3
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE3
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE3
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE3
loadgen loadgen/load-equal.txt
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE3
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE3
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE3
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE3
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE3
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE3
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE3
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE3
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE3
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE3
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE3
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE3
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE3
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE3
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE3
routes
loadgen loadgen/load-equal.txt
loadgen loadgen/load-equal-10.txt
loadgen loadgen/load-slow-10.txt
loadgen loadgen/load-equal-10.txt
loadgen loadgen/load-medium-10.txt
loadgen loadgen/load-high-10.txt
loadgen loadgen/load-equal.txt
loadgen loadgen/load-high-10.txt
loadgen loadgen/load-equal.txt
loadgen loadgen/load-medium-10.txt
loadgen loadgen/load-high-10.txt
loadgen loadgen/low-100.txt
loadgen loadgen/med-100.txt
loadgen loadgen/low-100.txt
loadgen loadgen/med-100.txt
info NODE1
loadgen loadgen/med-100.txt
loadgen loadgen/low-100.txt
loadgen loadgen/high-100.txt
pause NODE2
loadgen loadgen/high-100.txt
NODE2 pause
info NODE1
loadgen loadgen/high-100.txt
NODE1 pause
NODE1 unpause
NODE1 resume
loadgen loadgen/high-100.txt
NODE1 pause
NODE1 resume
loadgen loadgen/high-100.txt
loadgen loadgen/med-100.txt
loadgen loadgen/high-100.txt
routes
loadstop
pause NODE2
NODE2 pause
loadgen loadgen/high-100.txt
NODE1 info
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE3
loadgen loadgen/high-100.txt
loadgen loadgen/skewed-100.txt
info NODE3
loadgen loadgen/high-100.txt
loadgen loadgen/skewed-100.txt
loadgen loadgen/high-100.txt
loadgen loadgen/skewed-100.txt
loadgen loadgen/high-100.txt
loadgen loadgen/skewed-100.txt
info NODE1
loadgen loadgen/skewed-100.txt
loadgen loadgen/high-100.txt
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE4
info NODE3
loadgen loadgen/high-100.txt
loadgen loadgen/skewed-100.txt
routes
loadgen loadgen/high-100.txt
loadgen loadgen/skewed-100.txt
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE3
info NODE1
loadgen loadgen/skewed-100.txt
info NODE1
loadgen loadgen/skewed-100.txt
routes
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE3
routes
loadgen loadgen/skewed-100.txt
routes
info NODE1
info NODE2
info NODE3
routes
loadgen loadgen/skewed-100.txt
routes
loadgen loadgen/skewed-100.txt
routes
loadgen loadgen/skewed-100.txt
routes
loadgen loadgen/skewed-100.txt
routes
loadgen loadgen/load-high-10.txt
loadstop
routes
loadgen loadgen/load-high-10.txt
